just wanted to say that I'm I'm in love
with you
[Music]
[Applause]
why do we do this to ourselves
I'll organize this and this is the thing
I hate the most so I hope you guys are
happy the thing I've enjoyed the least
filming was the last wheel discomfort I
almost got beat up all right this is the
real discomfort you spin this these
numbers correspond to a list that Thomas
made that we don't know anything about
and whatever number I land on will
correspond to something that is of some
sort of discomfort that I'll have to do
and most of them involve doing really
really awkward and random things with
strangers also we have a new editor and
director for yes theory boom mr. Andrew
right here hey you actually used to
watch your videos right yeah also we
have another friend in the house called
Zack Alsip that's me you're about to do
a wheel of discomfort spin oh well I'll
go get my flight now and not be
uncomfortable
[Applause]
I count on us you would take a walk down
Venice Beach it's loads of weird eh so I
didn't ever expect to be one of those
Mars turn to spin number six it's gonna
be interesting trying to get you out of
this each of us are gonna pick five
random words that he has to place in
conversation with strangers and they
have to make complete sense this is like
that's my pair is just sad about what I
do mathematics sausage bottomless
Lithuania yeah let's go with Lithuania
did you guys have the left weenie and
sausage from the from the place here huh
you've never had you know it's
mathematically proven to make you swim
justice as strong as the platypus
I don't know but it was like I just like
the Lithuanian University some research
when I went to school in Lithuania there
was the second song store right next to
the University of [ __ ] hilarious it
was so strange where he gets from oh
yeah yeah yeah when I was in Lithuania
[Music]
okay
my friends challenged me with five very
random words that I have to put in one
sentence all right Katy Stern you have
to do this three times so you have to go
up to people and start your sentence you
have to make this totally make sense
so with that yeah you have to start
being like whoa that's crazy man dude I
don't like talking to people
what's so being uncomfortable in public
is a good way to just like realize that
what's the worst that can happen the
board suit is just humiliation no
there's no purpose but yeah my brother
has done this once kind of like in a
minimal way but this is like more it
looks so sad right now city is a
struggle but I think once it does it
he'll be happy it's always like that
am I getting dizzy you all the time I'm
comfortable behind computer III can't do
ad live I'm not fast the whole reason I
edit is cuz I can take my time with it
she hates interacting with strangers he
hates like just speaking when he doesn't
have to he's just that kind of guy
she's always internalizing so it's just
like a voice interacting with people
when he doesn't have to
hey don't you hear it she said all right
as he or she said it's so funny on men
I'm Thomas by the way okay that's enough
I'm done just like you and she said he's
like no I'm Thomas wow I can't believe
this insane from hearing what you're
saying yesterday I know yeah I live
right around here
okay are you from from France oh okay
super cozy okay Kendu no I came here to
start a conversation in the middle feels
good is really nice you want to be his
friend almost lesson learned
yeah I guess then Matt's gonna be
perfect for this one you have to get
extremely overly excited in the middle
of a longer conversation with the
stranger do you guys know where I can
find food give any food recommendations
four days 40 what do you do for four
days in LA yeah okay leave
what can fit in save I feel like I just
blacked out and just went insane for 20
seconds picks someone from your phone
you have to call them and you have to
convince the flesh of them you're in
love with them I would almost take the
borat suitor business
who is it Michael you can scroll through
the contacts on my phone those days yeah
I mean wherever you pick it's gonna be
different degrees of awful don't you
dare call my girlfriend
ready hey this is Thomas what are you
have to I know it's me it's been a long
time um I just wanted to say that uh I'm
uh I'm in love with you yeah yeah it's
just old feelings coming back now you
know
[Music]
yeah that's insane wasn't expecting that
I appreciate that
just I don't know like I just I've been
thinking about it and I just felt like
doing it and I was yeah that sounds good
all right ready
oh my god you mother mother all right
well I guess now it's time for me to go
out and ask strangers for someone to
swap rooms with me because that's the
punishment these guys picked some
red-hot dude
posters swap lives with some was
something that swap roommates asked
someone to be to sleep in your room
tonight so he has to sleep in your room
and you have to sleep in his alright
we'll see you on Sunday and on Tuesday
for the next house show episode I count
6 yes
[Music]